[singing voice] Aniplex.
[metal rattling]
[Leonhard grunts]
All right,
are you ready to start?
Yeah, let's go!
Stand back!
[magical whooshing]
Whoa.
[Leonhard laughing]
It's really floating up there!
This is so cool!
[grunting]
Three seconds.
Two seconds.
‐ One second.
‐ [Leonhard laughing]
‐ Oh.
‐ [Tatsuya] Zero.
Over already?
[whirring]
[grunts]
I'd definitely call that
a success.
So fortifying magic
can work even without
a physical tether?
It stabilizes
relative positions.
That's what these spells
really do.
[Tatsuya] No contact is needed.
The way that this device works
is probably more akin
to extending
than flinging out.
Since there's nothing
in the middle,
it only moves along
the extended length
of the sword.
It emulates the feeling
of a longsword exactly.
[Leonhard] Which helps because
it keeps me from overthinking.
Glad to hear it 'cause next up
is a live test.
Uh?
[Taku Iwasaki's "Code Break]
[scoffs]
[grunts]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chuckles]
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Man] ♪♪ I've been living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
[shouts]
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Man] ♪♪ I've been living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
♪♪ I've been doing, doing, doing,
doing, doing it ♪♪
[Woman] ♪♪ Give me more ♪♪
[Man] ♪♪ I've been living in it
I've been living in it ♪♪
[Leonhard grunting]
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
♪♪ Hey welcome
to our special rising ♪♪
♪♪ Can you distance standby
Here we go ♪♪
[LiSA's "Rising Hope"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Pay attention
Hey what is it ♪♪
♪♪ Watch your step now ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Are you serious
No, no, no, don't worry ♪♪
♪♪ One two three ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I'm feeling magical ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ I seen my hope ♪♪
[LiSA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ That's rising hope ♪♪
[beeps]
[Woman] On your marks.
[chuckles]
[both grunting]
[gunshot]
[crowd cheering]
‐ [gasps]
‐ She's tough,
just as I heard.
[Erika] Pursuing Seventh High
of the Seas.
‐ [Mizuki] This is the same
match up as last year's final.
[magical whirring]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [girl gasps]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Over‐acceleration?
[Tatsuya] Oh, no.
[grunting]
[whirring]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[all shouting]
[both gasping]
Where are you going?
Wait for me here.
I'm gonna help Miss Watanabe.
Oh.
Very well, brother.
[chuckles]
[groans]
[grunts]
[Mayumi] Mari.
[groans]
Are you back with us?
Do you still recognize who I am?
What are you talking about?
I know it's you.
There's no need
to ask me something like‐‐
‐ [groans]
‐ Oh.
[Mari gasping]
Is this a hospital?
Yes, we checked you
into Sosono Base Hospital.
[Mayumi] Thank goodness.
There doesn't seem
to be any head trauma.
[grunts]
[Mayumi] You shouldn't
be getting up yet.
A couple
of your ribs were broken.
For now they've been reconnected
with magic,
but the bones haven't set yet.
This is a stopgap measure.
[exhales]
How long do I need
to lie here until they set?
[Mayumi] One week to recover.
[exhales]
[Mayumi] After a day
of bed rest,
normal activities won't pose
any problem.
You should abstain
from strenuous exercise
for ten days, though,
to be safe.
[Mari] Wait.
But wouldn't that mean...
[Mayumi] You'll have to withdraw
from Mirage Bat, too.
It can't be helped.
[exhales]
[Mari] I see, then.
[grunts]
[Mari] How did the rest
of the race go?
[Mayumi] Seventh High
was disqualified
for reckless conduct,
so Third and Ninth High
are in the final.
I heard that
the Seventh High
player's injuries
aren't serious.
You protected her from harm.
[Mari] What good does
that do any of us?
[Mayumi] If you
hadn't decelerated
at that moment
to help that girl,
then she would have suffered
critical injuries,
and I think her career
as a magician might
have ended there.
For what it's worth,
that was Tatsuya's opinion
as well.
Mayumi, why were you talking
to Shiba about my accident?
[Mayumi] Because he was the one
who carried you here
and stayed with you
the entire time
you were being treated.
Oh, he did?
You should thank him later.
I'm sure he would appreciate it.
[Mayumi] After all,
Tatsuya was the one
who came running.
He saw at a glance
that your ribs were fractured
and told the paramedics what
to do.
[stammering]
[giggles]
By the way, Mari,
the accident...
[Mayumi] Did somebody hinder you
with magic when it happened?
[grunts]
What are you talking about?
[Mayumi] The reason
you lost your balance
just before catching
the Seventh High girl
must have been because
of an illegal spell cast
by a third party which rippled
and chopped up
the water's surface.
Am I wrong?
[grunts]
No, you're right.
[Mari] Just before my board
sank down into the water,
I felt an unnatural swaying
beneath my feet.
What made you think of that?
You lost your footing
only mere seconds after
the water's surface
had fluctuated unnaturally.
There is a discontinuity to it,
one that is only seen
in phenomenon rewriting spells.
[Mayumi] But I double checked,
and at the time,
neither the Seventh High girl
nor the Ninth High girl
were using that kind of magic.
So that spell must
have been cast
by a third party.
Turns out Tatsuya agrees
with that, too,
so he's borrowing the videos
from the tournament staff
to analyze the fluctuations
of the water's surface.
[grunts]
Unbelievable.
[Mari] Who in the world
would do such a thing,
and for what reason?
[Kei] So, did you find
anything out?
[Tatsuya] I've considered
every aspect of this.
We definitely should look
at this
as a possible
third party intervention.
I gotta say, Shiba,
it's impressive how quickly
you work.
But even so,
looks like this
is really gonna be
a lot tougher than we thought.
‐ [Kanon] Huh?
‐ Uh‐‐
[Kanon] What do you mean
by that?
[grunts]
This foul play confuses me.
[Kei] In order
to prevent outsiders
from using interference magic
to mess with the athletes...
The NSC has magicians skilled
in counter magic stationed
at each arena posing
as committee members.
They also have tons
of security cameras.
I was almost positive
that some sort
of interference magic sequence
was launched from outside
the surveillance network,
but according
to Shiba's analysis,
the force affecting
the liquid surface
was generated from within
the water.
[Kei] The only
possible explanation
would be that it was
an operative lurking underneath.
[exhales]
[doorbell rings]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] Miyuki?
[Miyuki] Got it.
[door opens]
Let me introduce you.
These are two of my classmates,
Yoshida and Shibata.
I've asked them to come here
to help solve the riddle
of the underwater operative.
‐ [gasps]
‐ We're so happy to meet you.
Hi, it's very exciting
to be working together.
As I'm sure you already know,
this is Kei Isori
and Kanon Chioda,
both second years.
It's our pleasure.
It's good to be working
with you, too.
So to bring you up to speed,
right now we're verifying
that Miss Watanabe
was the victim
of illegal magic interference
by a third party.
[Tatsuya] Just before she lost
her balance,
the water's surface
caved inward unnaturally.
This was almost certainly due
to magic interference
from within the water.
It's not possible to cast
a spell on the water
from outside
of it without being detected.
It's also unlikely it was caused
by delayed magic.
And in that case,
it is not impossible that
the spell was cast
by somebody hiding underwater.
It goes without saying that's
a preposterous theory.
There's simply no way
to hide oneself
in the water 100% either
with modern magic
or ancient magic.
So if that is true,
then something other than
a human was lurking below
in the waterway.
That's the logical conclusion.
If it wasn't a person
who cast it,
then do you think it might
have been spirit magic?
[grunts]
Spirit magic is Yoshida's area
of arcane expertise.
Meanwhile, Shibata over here
has been gifted
with extraordinary
visual sensitivity to Pushions.
Mikihiko?
Can spells be prepped
to only activate
under certain conditions
and then cause
the water's surface to cave in?
Is that possible
with spirit magic?
I believe so.
Could you pull it off?
[Mikihiko] As long
as I'm familiar
with the leylines
and topography,
I can send in the spirits
through those leylines.
That said,
just casting that type
of spell
wouldn't generate enough power
to matter in that scenario.
Even if you manage to disrupt
the water's surface,
that in itself wouldn't
be enough upheaval
to knock Miss Watanabe
off balance.
If the Seventh High player
hadn't accidentally
over‐accelerated,
it would have been
no more harmful
than a prank.
I'm beginning to doubt that
was just an accident as well.
[all gasping]
[computer beeping]
[Tatsuya] Come look at this.
Normally, the Seventh High
competitor should
have started decelerating
right around here.
But in fact
she accelerated instead.
You're right.
That is unusual.
No athlete who could make such
a huge rookie mistake
like that would ever be chosen
for the NSC.
[Tatsuya] Therefore...
‐ [gasps]
In all likelihood,
her CAD must
have been tampered with.
[Tatsuya] This
is the first place she would
have needed to decelerate.
If her sequence for deceleration
and acceleration were swapped,
there's be an accident waiting
to happen right here.
And then based upon
the lap times
from last year's final...
One could foresee
that Miss Watanabe
and the Seventh High player
would be in a dead heat
as they made this turn.
It stands to reason that
if I wanted to thwart them,
this would be my chance
to knock off both front runners
at once.
[Kei] I admit
that sounds logical.
However, could somebody's CAD
really be tampered with?
And if it really
was tampered with,
then who would even do such
a thing?
[Kanon] Could it be one
of Seventh High's engineers?
[Tatsuya] While we can't
disregard that's a possibility,
I believe it's more likely
that there's an operative among
the tournament
committee members.
[both gasping]
‐ Now wait a second, brother.
‐ [gasps]
Just when and how exactly could
this person have tampered
with her CAD?
[Miyuki] All of the schools keep
their CADs under strict lock
and key.
[Tatsuya] There's just
one exception.
All CADs are taken
from the schools
and handed over
to the committee.
[all gasping]
[Tatsuya] Even so,
precisely how they messed
with it remains a mystery.
Curious.
[crickets chirping]
[Mayumi] The two
official matches still left
to be played are Mirage Bat
and Monolith Code.
To assure ourselves
of an overall victory,
we're gonna need
to take first place
in both of those events.
[Mari] Not only that but with
the additional burden
of watching out for interference
by an unknown entity.
[knocking]
[grunts]
The door's open.
Pardon the interruption.
[Mayumi] Have a seat, please.
I asked you here because I need
to consult with you
on something important.
So could you please give them
the rundown, Rin?
I believe you're both aware
of the results
of today's matches.
While it's true we suffered
an accident,
our scores are more or less
in line with our projections.
[Suzune] However,
since Third High
has been making greater gains
than we anticipated,
our lead is less comfortable
than projected.
As a result,
should we fall drastically
behind Third High
in the rookie events
that start tomorrow,
then depending on our final
Mirage Bat score,
it's unfortunately possible
that we'd be overtaken.
Official points are worth twice
as much as rookie points,
so we concluded it's in
our best interest
to pour school resources
into the Mirage Bat event.
Even if it's at the expense
of the rookie event,
we need to do what's best
for the team strategically.
[gasps]
[Mayumi] Yes,
it is what you think.
Miyuki?
[gasps]
First High is relying on you
to take over for Mari
and compete in the official
Mirage Bat event.
Tatsuya, we'll need you
to continue on serving
as Miyuki's CAD engineer
and then reporting
to the arena on day nine
as well.
But chairwoman,
there are students older
than me who are participating
in just one event.
It wouldn't be fair to them.
[Miyuki] I don't understand why
you'd choose me
as a replacement if you have
to take me out
of the rookie event.
'Cause we never had a backup.
Only I did official Mirage Bat.
[Miyuki gasps]
So, that's the reason.
There's way more of an upside
to players like you
who trained in advance.
[Mari] And besides,
your little sister has what
it takes to win even
the official event, right?
[gasps]
‐ [Tatsuya] Possibly.
‐ [gasps]
[both gasping]
Brother, wait.
Are you serious?
Since you all evaluated
my sister and me so highly,
I'll be certain
to give it my best
as Miyuki's engineer.
I believe in you, Miyuki.
[gasps]
[both giggling]
Yes!
[computers beeping]
[Tatsuya] Honoka,
are you in the final race?
Yes, I am,
and since I'm racing
in the afternoon
there won't be any overlap with
the girls' Speed Shooting event.
We'll just have to hope
the event goes off without
a hitch.
Huh?
[Tatsuya] Ah, it's nothing.
I've been concerned
about something, you see.
What I'd really like to do
is check out your CAD.
[gasps]
[Tatsuya] But since
I can't do that...
‐ [groans]
‐ [Tatsuya] I've decided
to at least watch your race
from the sidelines.
[gasps]
Really?
[Honoka] You will?
I'll hold you to that.
Absolutely.
[Honoka giggles]
[computer beeping]
Could you please look
at it thoroughly,
just to be sure nothing
is wrong?
Right.
All good.
[Shizuku] It's more comfortable
than my own.
Is it, really?
What a relief.
‐ [Shizuku] Hey, Tatsuya?
‐ Huh?
To be clear,
you don't want my family
to hire you?
If you're relaxed enough
to joke around before
your event starts,
you'll be fine.
It's no joke.
I'm serious.
You don't have to work
for us exclusively.
[stammers]
Like I have told you repeatedly,
let's talk about it after
I get my license.
[groans]
Yeah, I understand.
[exhales sharply]
[Tatsuya] Okay, Shizuku.
[chair creaks]
‐ It's time.
‐ [gasps]
[grunts]
Best of luck.
Go make us proud.
[grunts]
Time to go all out.
[indistinct chatter]
[Miyuki] Is this seat free?
Oh, hey, Miyuki.
Sure, it's available.
Be my guest.
Sit down.
Honoka?
[Mizuki] Shouldn't you
be getting ready
for your race today?
What?
I have tons of time.
My race isn't until later today.
Honoka,
if you get worked up now,
you won't be able
to last until your event.
I know, right?
But I can't help feeling
that way.
I'm sure you'll do wonderfully,
Honoka.
‐ [exhales]
‐ [Miyuki] Didn't my brother say
the same?
We came to see this match
in order
to take your mind off your race.
So let's just root
for Shizuku for now.
[Honoka] Okay.
You're right.
[Mari] You know,
come to think of it,
now is the first time
I'll be witnessing
his engineering skills.
At least in a real match.
Yeah, I hadn't thought of that.
In my case,
he really just helped me out
a little with moral support,
so I must admit that
I'm very curious
to see how a CAD he's fine‐tuned
from scratch will perform.
Well,
starting with Miss Kitayama,
he seems to be getting lots
of high praise
from many athletes.
[Suzune] Apparently,
some even went to the trouble
of bringing their own CADs with
them today.
[Mari] Hey, wait a second.
That could affect the matches,
couldn't it?
[Suzune] No need to worry.
It seems like
it's all under control.
He'll be servicing them once
the matches are over.
[Mayumi giggles]
So he's steadily increasing
his fan base, huh?
[upbeat music]
[buzzing]
[beeping]
[magical whirring]
‐ That's crazy!
‐ [gasps]
So amazing!
[Mizuki] Could it possibly be
that she's designated
the entire scoring area
as her magic activation zone?
That's right!
Shizuku is tagging all
solid substances inside
the zone with vibrating
wave magic
so she can shoot each target.
[magic firing]
The effective scoring area
in a Speed Shooting match
is a cube.
[Suzune] This space measures
50 feet on each side
and is then placed in the air.
Shiba's activation sequence sets
another cube inside of it
measuring 30 feet
on each side,
and the nine points comprised
of each of its vertices
and its center have been defined
as epicenters.
Furthermore, each
of these points
have been numbered
and then when that number
is entered as a variable
in the launched
activation sequence,
spear‐shaped virtual waves
will spread out
from the epicenter.
The coverage area of these waves
is 20 feet.
In other words,
activating
the magic sequence forms
a spherical destruction space
with a radius of 20 feet
and an epicenter
at its core.
The player's position
and distance from the targets
as well as the size
and placement
of the effective scoring area
all remain constant.
Therefore, there is no need
to enter variable coordinates
each time.
Rather, you can specify
a number
of your choosing
during activation
and the magic sequence
will launch.
The result is that,
in effect,
the player only needs
to pull the trigger
to destroy her targets.
[booming]
[buzzing]
[crowd cheering]
[exhales]
[Suzune] The proper name
of this magic spell
is Active Air Mine.
Word on the street is that
it's a Shiba original.
It's a complex
activation sequence
so Miss Kitayama's
processing power makes
it viable.
In concept,
it's the exact opposite
of your magic, Mayumi.
I can't believe that he alone
came up with the sequence.
[Tatsuya] You did great.
A bit anticlimactic.
I guess I was correct
in thinking they
wouldn't go for the blind spots.
Just as I expected,
the settings for today's event
weren't too difficult at all.
[Shizuku] Tatsuya,
you worry too much.
We're still only
in preliminaries, you know?
But from quarter finals on,
you'll be playing in match mode.
‐ [grunts]
‐ I took the liberty
of fine tuning your CAD earlier
this morning.
‐ [gasps]
‐ So check out how
it feels later.
Got it.
Will do.
[Mayumi] So all three
of our first‐year girls
made it to their next rounds.
And how is First High doing
in the Battle Board event?
[Suzune] Two of the boys races
are over now,
but they both missed the cut.
We had one girl competing,
though,
and she managed to qualify.
So that leaves us
with just one more guy.
As for the girls,
Miss Mitsui who's in
the final race
will almost certainly
be qualifying.
[Mayumi] We can't have Ah‐chan
letting up any time soon.
[Leonhard] Hmm.
It might be a good idea for us
to put more effort
into nurturing engineers
at our school,
don't you think?
[Shizuku] Hey, Tatsuya,
is everything all right?
[grunts]
It's all good.
[Tatsuya] As you already know,
this is a totally
different model
than what you used in prelims.
We're out of time,
but if you feel any discomfort,
I'll adjust it as much
as possible,
so don't hold back.
I feel no discomfort whatsoever.
Actually,
it's such a perfect fit,
it's almost creepy.
‐ Is that right?
‐ [Shizuku] The others...
‐ [gasps]
‐ The other two both won,
didn't they?
[Tatsuya] Yeah.
Next is my turn for victory.
No need to worry.
If you perform
like you always do,
there's no way you can't win.
[grunts]
Of course I can
since you've done everything
that's possible in order
to pave the way to success
for me, Tatsuya.
[Shizuku] All I have to do now
is win.
There's no way
that I'm gonna lose.
[Tatsuya] That's the spirit.
[ELISA's "Millenario"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[ELISA singing in Japanese]
♪♪ Shape of my love ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪
♪♪ Eternal song ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪♪ ♪♪